--> Non-Competing Sculptors | Texas Sandfest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Non-Competing Master Sculptors It's not all about winning, it's about having fun! You don't have to compete in Texas SandFest to enjoy all the fun of creating sand sculptures. These artists have sculpted under the Port A sun just for fun. Learn more about these sculptors below. Mitch Guerrero - SWAT Team Mitch is going on his 10th year as a sand sculptor and due to his full time work as a sand sculptor he has decided to become a professional artist and pursue art as a career. This will be his second season as a lead member of the S.W.A.T team at the Texas SandFest! In October of 2023, Mitch decided to walk away from a 23-year desk job as a senior website designer to pursue his love for this art form and his love for art in general. When he is not competing, Mitch likes to teach sandcastle lessons to tourists on Siesta Key Beach in Sarasota, Florida. As a 4th generation artist, he also loves to draw, paint and use clay to create sculptures. Marc Mangia - SWAT Team I grew up and currently live in Columbus Ohio. I have worked in the construction business as a carpenter since I was a teenager with my father. I took over the construction company about 30 years ago and just retired last year. I took up sand sculpting as a hobby about 15 years ago. I have competed as a semi-pro in several competitions and have won first, second, and third places along the way. I look forward to playing in the sand for many more years. Mitch is going on his 10th year as a sand sculptor and due to his full time work as a sand sculptor he has decided to become a professional artist and pursue art as a career. This will be his second season as a lead member of the S.W.A.T team at the Texas SandFest! In October of 2023, Mitch decided to walk away from a 23-year desk job as a senior website designer to pursue his love for this art form and his love for art in general. When he is not competing, Mitch likes to teach sandcastle lessons to tourists on Siesta Key Beach in Sarasota, Florida. As a 4th generation artist, he also loves to draw, paint and use clay to create sculptures. Emerson Schreiner - SWAT Team Emerson Schreiner is a painter and sand sculptor from west Michigan. He now lives in Galveston, Texas where he runs the Galveston branch of Sandy Feet Sandcastle Services. Emerson has been giving sandcastle lessons and creating sand sculptures for events and competitions for over 13 years and has taken home prizes in several Master's events, including Siesta Key’s Crystal Classic, Texas Sand Fest, and South Padre Island’s Sand Castle Days. When he’s not on a pile of sand, you can find him climbing rocks, playing guitar, or trying to make friends with the local cats. Todd Pangborn - SWAT Team Driven by a need and desire to create, Todd turned that need into a mechanical design and Engineering career spanning over 40 years. After the need was satisfied, he turned his attention to the desire. The desire coupled with a restlessness turned into a 17 year long sand sculpting affair. It wasn’t quick and he wasn’t always sure it would flourish but he liked how it made him feel when he accomplished something new, and he saw the expressions on spectators faces as they admired his artwork. Those feelings kept the drive alive and pushed him to keep pursuing the dream. After a brief courtship as an advanced amateur filled with success, learning and building his confidence, he stepped into the world of master sand sculptor in 2014 with the full support of his understanding wife and 2 daughters. Even though he is self-taught, the passion for art and the desire to create keeps pushing him forward. However, sand sculpting is still just a part time endeavor that gives him a much-needed break from his typical day as a Mechanical Engineer. Todd is also an award winning wood carver making wall hanging art as well as full sculptural carvings which are available for purchase. He hopes to expand his wood carving and sand sculpting into retirement activities in the near future. His woodcarvings and sand sculptures may be found on Instagram and Facebook. Linda White - Lesson Mountain I'm Linda White. I've been involved with the Texas sand fest for 30 years. First with clean up then set up. Now I have the honor to lead " Lesson Mountain ". I've competed in the solo amateur contest 2000 - 2006. Mostly First place. Wendy Williams - Lesson Mountain Creativity: We believe that every shovel scoop, every moat, and every turret is an opportunity to express individuality. Whether you’re a novice or a seasoned castle architect, we encourage you to think beyond the bucket and let your imagination flow like the tides. Collaboration: Just as grains of sand come together to form a beach, our community thrives on collaboration. We foster an environment where builders share tips, swap seashell embellishments, and cheer each other on during high-tide challenges. Resilience: Sandcastles face the relentless forces of wind, waves, and curious seagulls. But we don’t give up. We rebuild, adapt, and learn from each collapse. Our resilience is our strength, and every toppled tower is a lesson in fortitude. Sustainability: We respect our sandy canvas. We use eco-friendly tools, avoid disturbing dune ecosystems, and leave no trace behind. Our sandcastles are fleeting masterpieces, but our commitment to the environment endures. Suzanne Altamare - Master Sculptor Coordinator Suzanne is the Master Cat Herder at Texas SandFest meaning she invites sculptors, decides display themes, coordinates the building of display sculptures and oversees the contest. "I think of myself as the conductor of an orchestra with the sculptors as the different instruments." She started working in sand in 1982 as an apprentice to the late Marc Altamare. She was Marc's Sand Slave...digging, carrying tools and buckets of water but graduated to a professional Sand Sculptor working across the USA, Canada and Europe. Favorite subjects to sculpt are motorcycles, animals, and some architecture in soft or compacted Sand. At some point in Belgium, organizers figured out that she could tell Sand Sculptors what to do without making them mad. Being a crazy cat lady, she sees them as her cats...and God bless anyone who messes with her cats! Walter McDonald - Working Sculptor I’m Amazin’ Walter aka, Walter McDonald, Grand Pooh-Bah of the Sons of the Beach, and I live on South Padre Island, TX. http://amazingwalter.com waltermcdonald@facebook.com Since I was a kid I’ve been compelled to make stuff. Sitting on the sand bar at the Boy Scout Camp, the kid next to me said “watch this” and proceeded to make a ‘dribble tree’. Roll forward to 1978, “watch this” I told my friends, and I was hooked on the sandy beaches of South Padre Island. Now, in my second, maybe third childhood I still have that compulsion to make stuff. I carve bone and antler, make jewelry, write and play music, have performed magic and balloon sculpting and am still very much into my first art form of photography. But it’s sand that has taken over my life. I have won medals in master level sand sculpting competitions including the World Championships and for 40 years I have traveled to build sand castles and conducted workshops in far away places like China, Japan, Belgium, Holland, Bermuda, Mexico, Canada, Costa Rica, Taiwan, Qatar, Australia, Singapore and all over the USA. I designed my own line of sand sculpting tools my daughter Christy makes and have taught hundreds of others how to build a better sand castle. The immediate and fragile characteristics of sand as an art medium challenges me and feeds my fantasies. I’m honored to share this passion with an international community of “sand gypsy” friends. Why Castles? It is traditional and it still excites me to hear a casual observer comment, “now that’s a real sand castle”! Sons of the Beach Pledge; I promise to: Have FUN, help others have FUN, and UNLITTER! Christy Atkinson - Working Sculptor Christy Atkinson has been featured at Texas Sandfest for many years competing in both Master solo and duo divisions. She is the daughter of the one and only Amazin Walter. When asked if she is also amazing Christy responded “No, merely fabulous. “ This year Christy is sculpting sponsor logos and the “Hidden Object “ sculpture near the South entrance. She is also the MC for the Quick Carve competitions held at the music tent. Christy lives near Franklin, Texas on her small farm known as the Funny Farm with her two cats (Cleocatra and Farrah Pawcett) and the love of her life Darren Atkinson. Albert Lucio - Semi Pro/ Amateurs Sculptor Coordinator Albert Lucio, Jr. began his journey into sand sculpting in 2005 after learning about a local competition from a friend. Just a week later, he found himself in that 25-hour overnight sculpting challenge. Despite being woefully unprepared, dehydrated, and sunburned, he was deeply inspired. That experience sparked a deep passion for an art form he had never considered before. Albert is drawn to the ephemeral nature of sand. Its temporary quality demands endurance, patience, and a deep appreciation for the process. Over the years, he has had the privilege of learning from and collaborating with accomplished sculptors from around the world—artists who have helped shape his creative voice and vision. Albert has been featured on Google Guides, Atlas Obscura's Small Town Big Story, CBC's Race Against the Tide, and Austin Chronicle. His work often incorporates symbolism and hidden elements, encouraging viewers to look more closely and engage with the narrative beneath the surface. Through his sculptures, Albert seeks to create moments of curiosity, reflection, and connection. Darren Atkinson - Tech Team This will be the seventh Texas Sand Fest and the second that Darren has been chief of the gallery tech crew. He loves Port A and its community considers the Texas Sand Fest participants as family. In his daily life Darren is a handyman and electrician. He lives with his trophy wife Christy Atkinson and their two cats on the Funny Farm in Franklin, Texas. He is the Amazin' Walter’s favorite son-in-law. In In his spare time he likes to race vintage flat track motorcycles. Dennis Barrett - Tech Team Bio Coming Soon 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page