--> Master Solo Sculptors | Texas Sandfest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Master Solo Sculptors The grains of sand meet up with a single artist to create a mastery in sand sculptors. you will stand in awe of what these masters of the art of sandcastle sculpting will create right in front of your eyes. They know what they want, they know how to do it, and they build a masterpiece on the shore. Damon Langlois Damon Langlois is a five-time world championship sand sculpting winner, designer of he tallest sand castle in 2015, creator of Liberty Crumbling, winner of Texas SandFest in 2019 and the most shared sand sculpture on the internet. He is also the author of the book 'Stories in Sand: The Arabian nights', an epic telling of stories from the Arabian Nights through his rewritten and shorter translations and photographs of Sand Sculptors created at the largest sand sculpture park ever made. Damon was the creative director. As the founder of Codetta Product Design, Damon is also an inventor and industrial designer with 14 patents and multiple design awards. He lives with his family in a forest in a house he designed and built on the west coast of Canada. Bruce Peck Bruce Peck was born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri. It only took one year of studying architecture to scare him far, far away from the arts and into a lifelong career as a CPA. That career took him all over the US and Canada and kept the left side of his brain on overload. For almost 30 years, his most artistic endeavor was clipping coupons from the Sunday paper. Then, he moved to the Gulf Coast of Florida. Playing on some of the top-ranked beaches in North America turned out to be his path back to his lost love for creating art. Bruce spent the next seven years developing his skills through trial and error. Along the way, he has seen many beautiful locations, met a lot of wonderful people and soaked in the festival atmosphere...he was instantly addicted. Bruce has been competing against the best in the world at the Master Level for a few years now. He placed fourth here a couple of years ago and considers his time at Texas SandFest the highlight of the year. Be sure to wish him luck again this year! Amanda Bolduc Born and raised in beautiful Main, Amanda received a degree in Psychology from Univ. of Maine, Farmington while working for the Marine Army National Guard. After graduation, she worked in the field of H.R. until 9/11 and decided to make the Army her full-time job and became a Combat Engineer Officer. This was all well and good until the babies started coming! She hung up her M16 for a new role as "homeschool Mama" for the next 14 years. Her sand sculpting journey began on the beaches of Fort Myers Beach, Florida. During family vacations, she would attend sand sculpting events, just like this one. In 2006, she finally decided to apply for the amateur competition. Armed with nothing but a shovel and a bucket, Amanda, along with her mother set to work creating her first sand sculpture. Since then, Amanda has gone to compete throughout the US at Semi-Pro competitions and recently moved up the ranks to Master Sculptor. Additionally, Amanda started carving snow in 2015 and has competed at the US National Championships representing Maine & Florida and the World Snow Sculpting Championships as TEAM USA! Amanda now spends her time as a full-time real estate agent, sculpts commission pieces for individuals and businesses, and is preparing to open a live music restaurant in Bonita Springs, FL called Sugarshack Downtown in the Spring of 2024! Slava Borecki Slava is a freelance sculptor with over 30 years of experience. After graduation, he worked at the Sculpture Department of the Academy of Fine Arts in Poznan. Since 1996, he has been taking part in multiple sand, snow and ice sculpture festivals and competitions all over the world, winning numerous. Moreover, he works with bronze, stone, ice and snow. His works have been shown in individual and collective exhibitions in many European countries. Isabelle Gasse Isabelle Gasse was nudged into finding her artistic destiny at the tender age of 16 thanks to an art teacher who encouraged her to compete in a local amateur snow sculpting event in Quebec Canada, her hometown. A fast-rising professional in the snowy and icy art, she is now shaping her frost fantasies in worldwide events, Ice Hotel of Quebec among others, and brought home lots of awards. Monumental and ephemeral sculptures are now the way for her to show a little more poetry in this world. In a move from a snowsuit to sandals, she swapped her ice-carving gadgets for a beach bum toolkit to be able to enjoy the delightful feeling of the sun while carving. And that's how, since 2021, she has been bringing her surrealistic style to many sand events, such as the Canadian Race against the Tide TV show. Wade Lapp Wade Lapp's artistic journey from pumpkin carving to professional sand sculpting, wood carving and ice sculpting showcases his diverse skills and dedication over the past 13 years. Winning multiple competitions on a West Coast sand sculpting team and earning awards in chainsaw carving and ice sculpting highlight his talent and versatility. Wade's whimsical and magical sculptures, featured in attractions like Halloween Town in St Helens, Oregon, reflect his unique artistic vision. Wade Lapp's success at Texas SandFest, securing first place in his first two years as a semi-professional sand sculptor and wining the people's choice in the Masters Doubles last year, highlights his exceptional talent and recognition within the sand sculpting community. His consistent achievements demonstrate his dedication to the craft. Delayne Corbett In the domain where granular substrates harmonize with artistic virtuosity, Delayne Corbett emerges as the preeminent maestro of sand sculpting, possessing an unmatched command over the medium. With consummate finesse and discerning acumen, he assumes control of the coastal expanse, transmuting banal granules into resplendent edifices that rival the opulence of bygone civilizations. Each deft manipulation of his practiced hand bears witness to his unwavering commitment and refined proficiency, as he infuses vitality into his compositions, fashioning intricate contours and elaborate motifs with unparalleled exactitude. Form regal palatial structures evoking the magnificence of antiquity to intricate figurative works capturing ephemeral grace, his oeuvre transcends mere craftmanship, evolving into enduring testaments of ingenuity and fervor. A paragon of sand sculptural prowess, Delayne's dominion extends boundlessly, eliciting profound reverence and admiration from all who encounter his magnum opus. Justin Gordon Justin Gordon, from Groveland, MA has ben a self-taught sculptor and wood carver since 1974 and professionally since 1991. Justin now sculpts in 8 mediums: ice, snow, clay, wax, stone, foam, wood and sand. Sand sculpting has taken Justin from Oman and Kuwait to Taiwan, England and all over the US and Canada. He still does the Hampton Beach Masters Sand Sculpting Competition in NH. Justin has also done giant-scale tree carvings using chainsaws and chisels for Storyland in NH and private commissions throughout New England. Justin mostly concentrates on sand sculpting and wood carvings of architectural carved elements, custom clock cases, gun stocks and figurative sculptures from fine art to caricatures and bronzing. He is also a member of the New England Wood Carvers, the New England Sculptures Association, the Newburyport Art Association, the Rockport Art Association and the museum. He has been teaching wood carving in Groveland since 1996. See more of Justin's portfolio at: www.ElwinDesigns.com Bruce Phillips Bruce Phillips has been involved in the art of the sand sculpting for over twenty-five years. He is known throughout the world from Tokyo to Amsterdam. He creates amazing works of art at festivals and competitions and does corporate and private events as well. In addition to sand, Bruce has fabricated sculptures from small to very large scale in a wide variety of other media. Benjamin Probanza In 1988 he began modeling with sand and in 1997 he was invited to the first international Sand Sculpture Competition. He won the 2nd prize and from then on he competed and collaborated in countless countires around the world winning may awards in China, Japon, India, Kuwait, USA, Quatar, Singapor, Spain, Belgium, Italy and Holland. Abe Waterman Well HELLLLLOOOO sports fans! Abe Waterman is back in Port A again to stumble, fall, roll, trip and somersault his way from The Beachlodge to the faraway distant lands of SandFest and all the way back again. And while he may not chop down Logo Mountain with the edge of his hand or make any Mustang Islands, he will likely raise a little sand (and several pints). Cheers! Abe Waterman was once from Prince Edward Island, Canada, but now wanders aimlessly, peering in at the absurdities of life, of which there are many...sand sculpture being a fine example! 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page