--> About | Texas SandFest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. About Texas SandFest Texas SandFest is a 501c(3) nonprofit that operates under a Board of Directors. What began as a small, local competition in 1997 has grown into an internationally recognized three-day family event that draws renowned sand sculptors and tens of thousands of visitors from around the world each year to Port Aransas. ​ You'll want to plan a trip and stay a while for this flagship festival. Attendees stroll through the festival enjoying mind-blowing sand sculptors, bopping their heads to live music and getting a taste of the coast from local food vendors. Adults can stop for a drink at the beer garden before letting their kids learn at "Lesson Mountain" or to hydrate before hitting up vendors for arts and crafts, apparel, jewelry, furniture, souvenirs and more. ​ The Master's Gallery is where the competition sculptures are created. Magnificent works of art, created over three days of literal tons of sand, can be found within this area. Sculptors work as solos or as teams of two and begin planning their sculpture weeks, even months, before the event to determine use of forms and what tools are needed. Other sculptors let the sand speak to them and create their art from inspiration of the moment. Regardless of method, watching over the course of the festival as these artists coax beauty from a pile of sand will take your breath away. Meet the Board SandFest History FAQ's 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page