--> About | Texas SandFest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Media Room Texas SandFest 2026 Media Hub Thank you for your interest in Texas SandFest 2026. We welcome media coverage to help us showcase the artistry and community spirit of Port Aransas. ​ ​ To ensure a seamless experience for you and your crew, as well as our sculptors, volunteers, musicians, and guests, all media personnel interested in covering the event must submit a formal Media Credentials & Interview Application. ​ Before applying, please review our General Media Guidelines to familiarize yourself with our site access policies, safety requirements, and equipment regulations. ​ ​ Next Steps for Media ​ 1. Review Our Guidelines Before submitting your application, please carefully review the Media Participation & General Guidelines. These include pre-event site access policies, safety requirements, and other important information: ​ ​ Media Participation General Guidelines ​ 2. Submit Your Application Please use the unified application link below to request media credentials or coordinate interviews. ​ Application Requirements: Pre-Event: Media credentials are not required for site access prior to the event start. However, this application is required if you wish to coordinate interviews before the festival begins. During the Event (April 17 - 19): This application is required for both event site access and on-site interview coordination. ​ ​ Deadline for submission: March 23, 2026 ​ Note: This single form covers all pre-event and event-day requests. Early submission is encouraged to ensure the timely processing of your credentials and interview scheduling. ​ ​ "Create smiles at our event with Showtime Photo Booth , the leading photo booth rental service since 2013. Their innovative 27 photo experiences have been a hit at weddings and corporate events across Atlanta, San Antonio, and Las Vegas." 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page