--> Pets | Texas Sandfest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Pet Policy Important Safety Update: Service Animals Only Policy for Texas SandFest 2026 We have made the tough call to update our Pet Policy. Effective for 2026 and moving forward, Texas SandFest will be a Service Animals Only event. Only Service Animals, as defined by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), are permitted inside the event area. We truly understand this change may feel disappointing for many of you who look forward to sharing the sand with your dogs. We get it, and we're grateful for your understanding. Key Details: What qualifies as a Service Animal? Under the ADA, a Service Animal is a dog (any breed) or miniature horse that performs work or tasks directly related to a person&rsquo;s disability. What does NOT qualify? Emotional support animals, therapy animals, comfort animals, companion animals, and pets do not qualify as Service Animals under the ADA and will not be admitted. Service Animal Handler Responsibilities: The Service Animal must be under the control of its handler. Under the ADA, Service Animals must be harnessed, leashed, or tethered, unless the individual&rsquo;s disability prevents using these devices or these devices interfere with the Service Animal&rsquo;s safe, effective performance of tasks. In that case, the individual must maintain control of the animal through voice, signal, or other effective controls. The animal must be housebroken and well-behaved. The handler is fully responsible for the animal&rsquo;s care, cleanup, and any damages caused. Texas SandFest remains fully committed to ADA compliance and accessibility for all. For official ADA guidance, visit: ADA.gov Note: While the festival grounds are now limited to service animals only, your pups are still welcome to enjoy the rest of the beach outside our gates. Questions? We're here to help. Contact us at info@texassandfest.org. 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page