--> Parking & Shuttles | Texas Sandfest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Parking & Transportation Wondering about the best way to get around? Use the guide below to navigate the festival and find the most convenient parking for your needs. ​ 🅿️ Off-Site Parking & Shuttle Options 🚌 Park & Ride (FREE Shuttle) The Regional Transportation Authority (CCRTA), in conjunction with the City of Port A, provides this free shuttle. ℹ️ General Information: Operating Hours: Friday: 9:00 AM &ndash; 8:00 PM Saturday: 9:00 AM &ndash; 8:00 PM Sunday: 9:00 AM &ndash; 8:00 PM Pickup and Drop-off Locations: Roberts Point Park: Located near the ferry landing. (Free Parking) Port Aransas Community Park: 700 Clark Parkway. (Free Parking) Near the South Entrance of the event (end of Access Road 1A at the Beach) ​​ 🛺 Gracie's Way For a quicker, "island-style" transfer directly to the South Entrance, utilize the Gracie's Way lot.​ ℹ️ General Information: Operating Hours: Friday: 9:00 AM &ndash; 8:00 PM Saturday: 9:00 AM &ndash; 8:00 PM Sunday: 9:00 AM &ndash; 8:00 PM Pickup and Drop-off Locations: Gracie's Way (near the intersection of 11th St and Access 1A)​​​ Near the South Entrance of the event (end of Access Road 1A at the Beach) Cost: Both parking and golf cart shuttle service are free ​ 📍 On the Beach Parking Areas 🏖️ General SandFest Parking Lot ℹ️ General Information: Located at the North end of the event grounds. Entrance: Beach Marker 9 Exit: Marker 0 at Avenue G ⚠️ Rules: A valid city Beach Parking Permit is required. No RVs, trailers, or oversized vehicles. ​ ♿ Accessible SandFest Parking ℹ️ General Information: Space is limited and available on a first-come, first-served basis. Located at the North entrance. Look for the "Accessible Parking" Feather Flag. Entrance: Marker 12.5 Exit: Marker 11.5. ⚠️ Rules: Must display a valid state-issued accessible placard or accessible plate, or Disabled Veterans plate A parking attendant will be at the entrance to verify a valid state-issued accessible placard/plate A valid city Beach Parking Permit is required.​ ​ 🌟 VIP Parking ℹ️ General Information:​ Located at the South entrance of the event. Look for the "VIP Parking" Feather Flag. Entrance: Marker 19. Exit: Marker 17.5 at Access Road 1A. A parking attendant will be at the entrance to verify a valid VIP Placard ⚠️ Rules: An official SandFest VIP placard must be displayed on the dashboard A city Beach Parking Permit is also required. No RVs, trailers, or oversized vehicles. ​ 📜 Beach Parking Permits ℹ️ General Information:​ Beach parking permits ($12) are valid for the calendar year and must be visibly displayed on all motorized vehicles (including golf carts) parked on the beach. Where to Purchase: The Texan or Stripes Convenience Stores Lowes Market (formerly IGA) &ndash; 418 S. Alister St. Tourism Bureau & Chamber Welcome Center &ndash; 403 W. Cotter Ave. ⚠️ Important Parking Notes: Golf Carts: Only official SandFest carts are allowed inside the gates. Personal/rental carts must park in the designated beach lots. Enforcement: All beach lots are regularly patrolled by city parking enforcement. Free Parking: Extremely limited free spots are available between the South Jetty and Horace Caldwell Pier. These fill up very early; purchasing a permit is highly recommended. 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page