--> Getting to SandFest | Texas SandFest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. How to Get to SandFest Many people wonder what's the best way to get to SandFest? You can find the best places to park here . But getting to Port A has options to consider. ​ First, it is important to understand that the beach road is often restricted to one-way traffic heading southbound from Avenue G to Access Road 1A. This starts at about 8:00 AM and remains this way until about 8:00 PM on each day of the event. ​ So, whether you are coming in from the south via 361 North, or coming across the ferry landing to Port Aransas, you should definitely map out where you wish to access the festival. During peak times, you can expect the main beach access points to be backed up with slow moving traffic. ​ There are many Shuttle pickup points around the town, and there are many parking lots to consider. The most popular parking lots are the North Gate Parking lot around beach marker 9 primarily accessible from Avenue G, and the South Gate parking lot near Mile Marker 19. ​ Pack a little patience as you enter and leave the area and take some time to enjoy the salty breeze and sunshine. Most of all, arrive safe and having an amazing Port A experience! ​​ FERRY MAPS 2024 Texas SandFest Grounds Map 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page