--> Sustainablity | Texas Sandfest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Sustainability at Texas SandFest Texas SandFest is more than just a good time! Texas SandFest prides itself on keeping the beaches in Port Aransas better than they found them and protecting our environment. With initiatives toward recycling happening throughout the event, it's important to remember that sustainability is one of the number one goals for SandFest. Texas Sandfest is proud to partner with Keep Port Aransas Beautiful, Pitch in Port Aransas, the Mills Family, Gulf Coast Growth Ventures , and CORE Projects Energy on our ongoing sustainability initiative. ​ ​ ​ Keep Port Aransas Beautiful (KPAB) Keep Port Aransas Beautiful is a proud affiliate of Keep Texas Beautiful and Keep America Beautiful. The organization has been designated a Gold Star Affiliate of Keep Texas Beautiful. LEARN MORE Keep Port Aransas Beautiful ​ The initial attraction to Port Aransas, for both locals and visitors, is the natural beauty of the area. The sandy coastal dunes, the crashing waves, the wildlife of both land and sea-it's difficult to imagine anything better. Preserving that natural beauty, however, requires that the people who enjoy the environment also become its stewards. ​ Keep Port Aransas Beautiful (KPAB), a Gold Star affiliate of Keep Texas Beautiful and Keep America Beautiful, is one such vehicle for that stewardship. The goal of the volunteer-based organization is to encourage and promote behaviors such as reducing litter, recycling, using native plants and beautification of streets and public spaces. KPAB also works diligently to educate the community on protecting natural resources for sustainability. ​ Thank to KPAB for providing water stations and reusable water bottles for the volunteers and sculptors. This will keep over 5,000 bottles out of the waste stream ​ In 2025, Texas SandFest donated $5,000 to Keep Port Aransas Beautiful! Keep Port Aransas Beautiful recycled over 16,000 aluminum cans and 1460 pounds of cardboard durning the event. KPAB Sustainable Events Plan Pitch In Port Aransas Texas SandFest partners with Pitch in Port Aransas (PIPA) for plastic recycling during the event. Pitch in Port Aransas recycled over 5,000 plastic bottles and containers in 2025! ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Black Sheep Soul Thank you to Black Sheep Soul, the first food truck at Texas SandFest, to adopt sustainable practices by switching to biodegradable to-go containers and flatware. They will also provide delicious, high-quality food for our volunteers throughout the event. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Make a difference during your stay! Flynn's Beach Squad Flynn's Beach Squad is a volunteer opportunity for locals and visitors alike who are looking to make a difference in Port Aransas. The Squad does various trash cleanups around the island. Spots include on the beach, Alister St., Cotter Ave., Roberts Park and more. Flynn's Beach Squad Flynn's Beach Squad meets every Monday and Thursday at 9:00 AM at Horace Caldwell Pier LEARN MORE 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page