--> Semi-Pro Sculptors | Texas Sandfest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Semi-Pro Sculptors These artists' journey has not just begun, but their skills continue to strengthen with each carving of a sandcastle they create and each competition in which they spend time building out an artistry of sand. You won't want to miss watching these semi-pro artists transform into excellence right before your eyes with unbelievable talent create sand sculptures worth remembering. Darrell O'Connor I live in Wilmington Delaware, but for the last 40 years I’ve spent summer weekends building sandcastles at Dewey Beach. My journey into sand sculpting began in the mid 1980’s when I entered my first contest at Rehoboth Beach. While I didn’t place in that first competition, I continued practicing and refining my skills, mostly through trial and error, with the occasional “how-to” book for guidance. The practice paid off and I went on to win the Rehoboth contest nine times. Everything changed in 2014 when I entered my first advanced amateur contest in Wildwood New Jersey. There I was fortunate enough to meet a master sand sculptor, and our friendship became a turning point in the quality of my work. With his constructive feedback and new techniques, my castles improved exponentially. This connection also opened the door to meeting other talented master and semi-pro sculptors and before long I found myself competing in events across Florida, Michigan, Indiana, Maine, Texas and more recently in Bermuda. Though I’ve tried sculpting other subjects with mixed results, I’ve discovered that my true passion lies in creating castles. I hope you enjoy my entry and perhaps find some inspiration for your next trip to the beach. Resa Wohlrabe Resa is a native Texan from San Antonio. She began her sand-sculpting journey here on the beaches of Port Aransas, Texas, developing her skills over time and then opening up opportunities for her to sculpt on other beaches in the US. In her usual discipline she often works in 2-d- drawing or painting, and sand sculpting helps round out her artistic tabulations. Her artwork is often influenced by nature and so it made sense that Resa found a love of sculpting while doodling on the beach with a stick and eventually found Sandfest. After winning several amateur competitions, she moved into the Semi-Pro category where both her creativity and prowess are challenged, and she loves it. When she’s not busy in the sand or studio, she’s out running, hiking in nature, or spending time with her family. Joelle Gagnon Joelle Gagnon is originally from Québec, Canada. Via way of Life close to nature is intimately linked to his création. Artist in visual art and snow since 18 years, Joelle développa here concepts and ideas in the field or forest work, like a natural cycle inspired by her way of Life which calls from contemplation and développement of the natural kingdom. Snow, ice, straw, wood and now sand are thèse main médiums. Inspired by the Nordic nature of her part of the country, the grandeur of the landscapes and caractères between modernité and tradition, between réalisme and expressionism. Travelling around a nordic country to carve snow and meet people from around the world is a way to be inspired and alive. Niki McKenzie The sculptor works with all traditional materials (bronze, stone, wood), as well as with unusual several materials such as sand, ice and pumpkin, bringing the transforming from the sunshine capital of New Zealand, Niki made the move to the sub arctic of Canada in 2016. Despite growing up on one of the best beaches in the world, this is only her 2nd foray into sand sculpture. Niki is the artistic director for the snowking winter festival, a month long art and music celebration hosted in a 15,000 square foot castle built of ice and snow. She has also competed locally and internationally at various snow carving festivals. Niki has no formal art training, just a raw passion and a whole lot of stamina, and years in professional kitchens have helped with a keen eye for detail, and the ability to sharpen anything to a razor edge. She draws a lot of inspiration from her Maori heritage with stories, patterns and wood carving techniques. Cliff Vacheresse Hello! I am Cliff Vacheresse from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada! I'm 42 and have been sculpting for almost 15 years. I received my introduction through ice and snow at the Ice on WCliff Vacheresse Semi Pro hyte festival in Edmonton, then sand sculpting around 6 years ago. I'm the lead sculptor for Activate Arts Alberta, and work from November to March on various winter projects including ice sculpture, snow sculpture, snow mazes, ice slides and many other frosty things. Over the last 5 years I've also taken up sand sculpting which is an absolute blast! Warm! Haha. Although I've never competed in sand sculpting before I am super excited for the opportunity! Tyler Morris Tyler Morris, Floresville, Texas. I Started sand sculpting in 2021 after watching a YouTube video learning how to make a Sandcastle for a family vacation photo. While at the beach, local residents asked if we had competed in Texas Sand Fest. Not knowing there was such an event, my wife Lauren and I entered the team amateur division and our twins Jarrett and Macie entered the youth division at TXSF and we all placed..starting our sand family sculpting journey. After competing in the amateur division in both the team and solo categories was invited to other events in Hearne, TX Sand bash, Bluewater iiSand fest in Port Huron, Michigan, The American Sand Sculpting Championship in Fort Myers Beach, Florida, and Texas Sand Fest as a Semi Pro. I’m honored to be back here at TXSF where I first started! There’s No place like home! Randy Ewing For the last 30 years Randy has been working as a designer for theme parks. Major clients and employers included Disney, Universal Studios, Warner Bros., Lionsgate and many independent parks and attractions all around the world. This work involved drawing, sketching, painting, designing, modeling and drafting to tell stories that captivated guests. Living near the beach in Southern California created a unique opportunity for creative expressions in the form of sand - and he’s been creating personal sand sculptures since 19995. His sculptures on Zuma beach created a nexus point of activity and energy on many holidays. From there he went on to start participating in amateur sand sculpture competitions here in TX and at Sandfest for the first time last year. His sculptures usually revolve around characters of his own design, caught in a narrative moment of drama, often relying on recognizable figures from classic children stories, nursery rhymes, or broad genres. Randy enjoys the challenge of designing for sand: the difficulty of the structure, the frustration and limitations of the material, and the frail ephemeral quality of the entire process. This is his first time competing as a Semi-pro and he’s excited for the opportunity to sculpt for 4 days! Recently relocated to Padre Island in Corpus Christi, Texas he revels in the natural quality of the sand on the Island, it's amazing! Each sand sculpture he creates attempts to capture a character's unique personality and action, freezing them in time for a fleeting moment before the wind, or an exuberant child, blows them away. Dean Murray Dean Murray has a serious commitment issue—at least when it comes to his art. A freelance artist from Dallas, Oregon, Dean has spent his career mastering mediums that melt, rot, shatter, or (occasionally) go great with crackers. ​As a World-Champion ice sculptor, renowned pumpkin carver, and prolific glass artist, Dean is a glutton for artistic punishment. Whether he’s battling a 300-pound block of freezing ice or a temperamental pile of sand, he thrives on the high-stakes "race against the clock" that comes with temporary art. 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page