--> Advanced Amateurs | Texas Sandfest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Advanced Amateurs On their way to becoming Pros! Being a Semi-Pro or Master Sculptor doesn't happen overnight. These Amateurs have spent years perfecting their skills and are well on their way to becoming Pro's. Come cheer them on! David Brandon - Texas/ Portugal This is David Brandon’s 8th Sandfest. He is from Austin Texas but, since retiring from a career in IT in 2025, he moved to Ferragudo, Portugal; where there are over 100 sandy beaches within a 30-minute drive. David has sculpted sand around the world and now, since retiring, can sculpt frequently and teach sand castle building lessons. His favorite sculpting beaches are Port Aransas Texas, Praia da Marina de Portimão Portugal, Praia Angrinha de Ferragudo Portugal, and al. Janet Moore Schrader - Michigan At the age of 36, Janet was diagnosed with Stage 4 non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. With an eye patch and hair loss, she resembled a pirate. To cope with the effects of cancer and its treatment, she began walking along her favorite spot: the shores of Lake Michigan. One day, Janet built a small sandcastle. Though it wasn't particularly impressive, she was captivated by the experience. Finding the book Sand Castles Step-by-Step at her local library changed her life. Every summer has become a time of teaching “Magical Memories” to vacationing families. Teaching grandparents, parents, and kids how to play together for 20 summers has been a good life. Her passion for the sand also ignited a five-year commitment to protecting the shoreline. Janet founded the Cherry Beach Project and helped raise $4.1 million to purchase and preserve acres of critical dune land for ChikamingTownship, creating a wildlife corridor and extending the public beach in 2020. But not all sand is created equal. In 2019, Janet lost the love of her life to cancer. Looking for fun and a desire to meet other artist souls, she decided travel would help her learn to live with grief. Playing in sand other than Michigan’s clean quartz has been the biggest eye-opener for this land artist—she's discovered that Texas sand can do so much more (ask her how). Competing is fairly new to Janet, and this is her first year as an Advanced Amateur at Texas SandFest. Finding a new tribe and making connections with other sculptors has been the best part of this new chapter—and a reason to look forward to the next pile of fun. Pete Eckhoff - Texas Pete Eckhoff has been making sand sculptures on North Padre for 8 years. He has entered the amateur competition at Sandfest and Sand Castle Days for the past 2 years and performed well. Lauren Waldo - Texas My name is Lauren Waldo, I was born and raised in Dallas, Texas. My husband, Tyler Morris and I moved to Floresville approximately 9 years ago and started our small farm and animal rescue and rehab. While on family vacation in Florida, we wanted to build a giant sandcastle but didn’t know how. We started watching YouTube videos and started practicing. At our first Texas Sand fest we competed in the amateur division and placed third. We wouldn’t have achieved this level without the help of fellow sand sculptures teaching us along the way, which I am truly grateful for. We have competed and placed in several sand sculpting competitions including Texas Sand Fest, Blue Water Sand Fest, Texas Sand Bash, American Sand Sculpting Championship, and Crossroads Sand Sculpting Competition to name a few. 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page