--> Bollard Buddies | Texas Sandfest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Bollard Buddies Port Aransas has been yarn-bombed! When you drive down the Port Aransas beach, you might find a welcome surprise made of yarn. The little bundles of joy that sit atop the bollards on the beach are called "Bollard Buddies". These fun friends bring smiles to everyone who sees them and are just another thing that makes Port Aransas such a special place. The Full Story ​ Diana Vondra, the founder of Bollard Buddies, answered questions many people have been dying to know about these fun little beach friends. "My husband and I were traveling in France and we came upon a street decorated in yarn. The trees, bike racks, railings and even doorknobs were yarn bombed. I immediately thought of Port Aransas. I had a friend Lorranie Care measure the bollards and began making sweaters for them.", said Diana. This is the 8th year the bollard buddies are being displayed in Port Aransas. The first year Diana put the buddies up, she started with 82. Now, there are over 400 on the Port Aransas beach during the winter months. Wondering how these cute little crafts are made? Diana said, "Most of the buddies are either crocheted or knitted, butt hey can be other things also. One is a face painted on material and sewed together to fit the bollard. Another is a T-shirt with additions, people are creative." Diana says anyone is welcome to continue to contribute to creating the bollard buddies, "We have several local folks who contribute but we also have lots of Winter Texans and other visitors to our island also get involved in this project." ​ Asking Diana which bollard buddy was her favorite was a tricky question. She said, " This is a hard question, it is like picking a favorite child. Also, it continues to change sometimes annually and sometimes daily when a fantastic one arrives. Also, sometimes the story that comes with them makes them extra special. For example, there was one that was a giant mug of beer that was made by a wife and a sister as a tribute to her husband who retired from Anheuser-Busch. Unfortunately, we no longer have that one. I also love the Armadillo (Arnie) the mascot for Lone Star Beere with his beer can. Then there is the tribute to Queen Elizabeth. Well, it's safe to say I have lots and lots of favorites!" ​ ​ Diana Vondra Founder of Bollard Buddies Additional Questions & How to Get Involved! ​ ​ When are they put up and taken down? "The Bollard Buddies are installed between Christmas and New Year's on the best weather day. They are removed the first or second week of March, also depending on weather." ​ If someone wants to create a bollard buddy to be a part of the display, how can they get involved? "The circumference of the bollard is 21 inches and the length can be anywhere from 12 to 24 inches. We love new additions. Since many of these are hugged by children, make sure you don't include anything that could harm a child or wildlife. Other than that, let your imagination go and have fun." ​ See more on the Bollard Buddy Facebook page! ​ ​ ​ 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page