--> VIP Wristbands | Texas Sandfest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. VIP Wristbands 1-Day Wristbands ŌĆŗ VIP Wristbands are good for 1 day. Free Food and Beverages (alcohol included) provided Air-Conditioned Tent with shade Private indoor restrooms The quantity of VIP wristbands to be sold is limited Resale of tickets is not allowed. Excludes VIP Parking Pass Friday Menu Breakfast Omlet Station Breakfast Tacos Smoked Salmon with Bagles Danishes Fresh Fruit ŌĆŗ Lunch Skirt Steak Fajitas Chipotle Honey Grill Chicken Flour/ Corn Tortillas Cilantro Lime Rice Charred Street Corn Salad Heirloom Tomato Salad Lemon Bars Assorted Cookies ŌĆŗ Mid-Day Snack Dylan's Pizza ŌĆŗ Dinner Beef Tenderloin with Horseradish Sauce Chimichurri Grilled Shrimp Skewers Truffle Mac & Cheese Roasted Asparagus with Parmesan Wedge Salad Artisan Bread Cheese Cake Saturday Menu Breakfast Spinach Feta Egg white Fritatta Brioche stuffed French Toast Berry Parfait Bar Fresh Fruit Assorted Mini Muffins ŌĆŗ Lunch Lemon Dill Grilled Salmon Chicken Shawarma Greek Charcuterie Board Orzo Feta Salad Cucumber Greek Salad Baklava Portokalopita ŌĆŗ Mid-Day Snack Dylan's Pizza ŌĆŗ ŌĆŗ Dinner Prime Beef Brisket Bourbon glazed Port Tenderloin Jalapeno Chedder Cheese Grits Grilled Broccolini Watermelon Feta & Mint Salad Brownies ŌĆŗ ŌĆŗ Sunday Menu Breakfast Mini Crab Cakes w/ Hollandaise Croissant Breakfast Sandwiches Fresh Fruit Cinnamon Rolls/ Donut Holes ŌĆŗ ŌĆŗ Lunch Pulled Pork Sandwich Lobster Rolls Pasta Salad Chicken & Sausage Gumbo w/ Rice Assorted Bars ŌĆŗ ŌĆŗ ŌĆŗ Mid-Day Snack Dylan's Pizza ŌĆŗ Dinner Sliced Chicken Cordon Bleu Ricotta & Mozzarella Manicotti Wild Mushroom Risotto Fresh Green Beans Arugula Pear Salad Garlic Bread Lemonade Cake ŌĆŗ ŌĆŗ ŌĆŗ Crowd Release/ Notice of Filming and Photography By entering an event or program of Texas SandFest, you are entering an area where photography, audio and video recording may occur. Your entry and presence on the event premises constitute your consent to be photographed, filmed, or recorded, and to the use, publication, exhibition, or reproduction of such recordings of your appearance, voice, or name for Texas SandFest's promotional purposes, including on websites, social media, news, and advertising. This consent is granted in perpetuity. ŌĆŗ By entering the event premises, you waive and release any claims against Texas SandFest, its officers, directors, employees, agents and volunteers related to the use of recorded media, including the right to inspect or approve photos, videos, or audio and any claims for invasion of privacy, violation of right of publicity, defamation (provided use is non-defamatory), or copyright infringement arising from such use. You understand that all photography, filming and recording will rely on this consent. If you do not agree to these terms, please refrain from entering the event premises. For minors, parental consent is required. Notice of this policy will be posted at all entry points and included in ticket terms Important Entry Policy - Service Animals Only We know many of you love sharing Texas SandFest with your pets; it's part of what makes the weekend special. We have made the difficult decision to update our Pet Policy. Effective for 2026 and moving forward, Texas SandFest will be a Service Animals only event. Only Service Animals, as defined by the ADA, are permitted. Under the ADA, these are limited to dogs (any breed) or miniature horses that perform tasks for a person with a disability. Emotional support animals, therapy animals, comfort animals, pets and all other animals are not permitted and will not be admitted. We understand this is an adjustment and appreciate your flexibility. For full details, including handler responsibilities and official ADA guidance, see our Pet Policy Page. Thank you for helping us create a fun and memorable event for all! ŌĆŗ ŌĆŗ Purchase Tickets 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373ŌĆŗ ŌĆŗ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ŌĆŗŌĆŗ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373ŌĆŗ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PMŌĆŗ ŌĆŗ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reservedŌĆŗ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page