--> At SandFest | Texas SandFest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Important Notices Crowd Release Notice of Filming and Photography ​ Consent to Use of Image and Likeness By entering the event premises&mdash;from 3 weeks before the event through the day after it closes (including setup, the festival itself, and teardown)&mdash;you acknowledge that photography, audio recording, video recording, and other forms of capture will occur. By your presence on the premises, you consent to being photographed, filmed, audio-recorded, streamed, or otherwise recorded by Texas SandFest, its affiliates, designated agents, media partners, and contractors. This applies even if you are not attending the paid event (e.g., observing sculptors during setup or walking through the area). Usage Rights You grant Texas SandFest the absolute and irrevocable right and permission to capture, use, publish, exhibit, reproduce, stream, distribute, or otherwise exploit such recordings of your appearance, voice, likeness, or name in any and all media now existing or hereafter devised (including but not limited to websites, social media, television, news, advertising, and promotional materials) for any purpose whatsoever, including promotional and commercial purposes, worldwide and in perpetuity, without compensation. Release of Liability By entering the event premises, you waive and release any and all claims against Texas SandFest, its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, licensees, and volunteers, including but not limited to: Claims for payment, royalties, or any form of compensation. The right to inspect, approve, or receive copies of the final product(s). Claims for invasion of privacy, violation of the right of publicity, defamation, or similar causes of action. Claims for copyright infringement or other intellectual property issues related to the recordings. Contact Information If you have questions regarding this policy, please contact Texas SandFest at: info@texassandfest.org 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page