--> General Admission | Texas Sandfest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. General Admission 3-Day Wristbands ONLINE TICKET SALES ARE CLOSED. TICKETS CAN BE PURCHASED AT EVENT ​ Ages 13+. Wristbands are good for all 3 days of Texas SandFest. You will need to keep your wristband on for re-entry. No 1-Day tickets available The quantity of entrance wristbands to be sold is not limited Resale of tickets is not allowed. Crowd Release/ Notice of Filming and Photography By entering an event or program of Texas SandFest, you are entering an area where photography, audio and video recording may occur. Your entry and presence on the event premises constitute your consent to be photographed, filmed or recorded, and to the use, publication, exhibition or reproduction of such recordings of your appearance, voice or name for Texas SandFest's promotional purposes, including on websites, social media, news and advertising. This consent is granted in perpetuity. ​ By entering the event premises, you waive and release any claims against Texas SandFest, its officers, directors, employees, agents and volunteers related to the use of recorded media, including the right to inspect or approve photos, videos, or audio and any claims for invasion of privacy, violation of right of publicity, defamation (provided use is non-defamatory), or copyright infringement arising from such use. You understand that all photography, filming and recording will rely on this consent. If you do not agree to these terms, please refrain from entering the event premises. For minors, parental consent is required. Notice of this policy will be posted at all entry points and included in ticket terms Important Entry Policy - Service Animals Only We know many of you love sharing Texas SandFest with your pets; it's part of what makes the weekend special. We have made the difficult decision to update our Pet Policy. Effective for 2026 and moving forward, Texas SandFest will be a Service Animals only event. Only Service Animals, as defined by the ADA, are permitted. Under the ADA, these are limited to dogs (any breed) or miniature horses that perform tasks for a person with a disability. Emotional support animals, therapy animals, comfort animals, pets and all other animals are not permitted and will not be admitted. We understand this is an adjustment and appreciate your flexibility. For full details, including handler responsibilities and official ADA guidance, see our Pet Policy Page. Thank you for helping us create a fun and memorable event for all! ​ ​ ​ ​ 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page