--> Things To Do | Texas Sandfest top of page At SandFest Daily Schedule Things To Do Live Music Kids Corner Sustainablity Parking & Shuttles Pets Accessibility Notices About Our Mission FAQ&#x27;s Magazine Guest Survey Meet the Board Get Involved Vendors Sponsorship Volunteer Sculptors Winners Master Solo Sculptors Master Duo Sculptors Semi-Pro Sculptors Non-Competing Sculptors Advanced Amateurs Amateur Competition Media Room Press Release Tickets Golf Cart Raffle General Admission VIP Wristbands Contact Us More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Things to do at Texas SandFest You've probably never dreamed that one day you'd be headed to the Port Aransas beach to see people carve majestic works of art right in front of your eyes out of small grains of sand. With towering sculptures ahead of you, you'll fall in love with the crowd favorite food stands, drinks and one-of-a-kind souvenirs to buy on the beach. ​ The Texas SandFest in Port Aransas, the only festival on the beach in Port Aransas, also offers lots of great attractions to fill your day of a fun in the sun and sand. You can take a crack at learning how to build your own sandcastles, enjoy many kid-friendly activities and dance your worries away in the sand as the line-up of great musical acts await. ​ Plan your day and weekend to make the most of your time in Port Aransas, the True Texas Coast! ​ ​ Live Music Texas SandFest is your chance to see live music performed right on the sand! Check out the lineup this year! Photo Ops Donations accepted for a photo op on top of tribute mountain. Plus, three other photo opportunities located throughout the grounds! Lesson Mountain Give the kiddos a chance to hone their skills with a real sand sculpture! Lessons take place daily at 10AM, 12PM, 2PM and 4PM for children aged 6-12. Short 10 minute lessons followed by hands-on practice. Kids' Corner Between games, free face painting all weekend, hula hooping and more, the Kids' Corner at SandFest has something for the young and the young at heart! Fair Foods All of your favorite fair foods can be found at Texas SandFest from funnel cakes to corn dogs, lemonades to slushies! For those looking for an adult beverage, beer garden tents are open daily! Shopping Galore Vendors at Texas SandFest offer up a one-of-a-kind beachy souvenirs! Ladies can have their pick of coastal cover-ups or handmade jewelry, while the guys can choose from a selection of fishing gear, high-quality flip flops and much more! 200 S. Alister Street, Suite E Port Aransas, TX 78373​ ​ P: 361-267-2474 E: info@texassandfest.org ​​ Mailing Adress: PO Box 1076 Port Aransas, TX 78373​ Office Hours Wednesday: 9:00AM - 3:00PM Friday: 9:00AM - 2:00PM​ ​ Sign up for Newsletter! &copy; 2026 Texas SandFest. All rights reserved​ We use Ramp at Texas SandFest, see how it could help your business! bottom of page